fund. We charge two and 20. So if we're holding people's money in treasuries, they're guaranteed to lose money to inflation. You know what I'm saying? So that's definitely how we're trying to put it out. But if you're systematic, you should be out there in trading. There are certain functions. So as the VIX gets lower, you can't really make money selling straddles because there's no skew. So app money implied volatility is the best future statement of all. Usually, if you're selling a 15 delta, app money vol is 15, you may be selling 18 or 19. So as volatility gets lower, we may stop selling an hour and a half before the market closes or two hours before the market closes just because the expected move goes down. So we will be selling less premium on those type of days. Since vol isn't rich, we have some volatility based on those. So the system will dampen down what it does a little bit. And then also, when we look at the VIX, I hate when people say high VIX or low VIX because a VIX of 30 is like a historic trade for vol traders. Trade it. But a VIX of 30 in 2008 and 2020 was a terrible time to trade. And a VIX of 30, every time outside of that, was the best trade ever. So the VIX is just a statement of what volatility is doing now. It's not a notional number, like high VIX or low VIX, not like a CAPE P or whatever. It's like, oh, companies are overvalued. It's just like, if the VIX is high, it's got an equal chance that it's overpriced or underpriced. It just so happens that when people sell it at that level, it's generally overpriced until it isn't because we don't really know what that uncertainty is. Sure. Okay. I want to talk a little bit now about these vol factors because I saw you on a video talking about these and I was somewhat intrigued, which is why I wanted to quiz you about it a bit more in a bit more detail. So you mentioned how in equities trading, investors kind of break equities into factors like quality or growth, momentum, whatever it is, right? But you have kind of come up with a framework to break your zero DTE trading or option trading into vol factors like variance risk premium being the implied versus realized spread being the most.