that it's overpriced or underpriced. It just so happens that when people sell it at that level, it's generally overpriced until it isn't, because we don't really know what that uncertainty is. Okay. I want to talk a little bit now about these vol factors, because I saw you on a video talking about these and I was somewhat intrigued, which is why I wanted to quiz you about it a bit more in a bit more detail. You mentioned how like in equities trading, investors kind of break equities into factors like quality or growth, momentum, whatever it is, right? But you have kind of come up with a framework to break your zero DTE trading or option trading into vol factors, like variance risk premium being the implied versus realized spread being the most obvious one that everyone looks at. But there were some other factors that I was intrigued by. So do you want to tell us a bit more about those? Yeah. So basically, to give people a little background about factors, obviously, you know, I stole this from AQR and Pond and French, everything. People used to say risk equals reward, because it's an efficient marketplace, yada, yada, and that was basically disproven. So they proved that companies with strong balance sheets or whatever tended to explain some of the returns over just the risk you took. So with options, everyone always says, hey, the market didn't move. Why didn't you make money? Volatility is over-understated. Why didn't you make money? People look at it as there's one binary thing. In zero DTE, there are very specific things. So one of the factors is obviously variance risk premium. So for example, if volatility is significantly understated, that means you exceeded the expected move. So obviously, if you're selling a strangle, you really can't make money when that occurs. But if you were to trade trend, which in zero DTE, I would basically consider like, you're just like, CTA, your commodity futures trend following, but you're using an option that has decay on it. Like you could make money when volatility is understated, because if the market precipitously goes in one direction, and you're able to choose the other side, you can obviously make money even if the option that you sold was mispriced, because you're on the opposite side of direction, you're only taking it out to play, you're not really short volatility. And then the other flip side of that would be what I call path. So if the market went up to standard deviations, you got stopped out, and then it came back to standard deviations, the volatility risk premium would be significantly understated, which means you should have made money. But since the path was so hostile to standard deviations up, you get stopped out to standard deviations down, you get stopped out again, that also kind of a funny factor that you can make money on that as well. So basically, we kind of split it up into three types of trades, is that we're looking at what can we trade that predicts direction, and we don't really care about the volatility. So if we think the market's going up, we'll sell a put that's terribly mispriced, like the skews all messed up, whatever, but we just think the spot is going to go up. Then we'll trade something that's based on volatility, where it's saying, hey, we don't really want to use much of a stop here, or you'll trade a tight spread, five wide, 20 wide, whatever, because we think the market's going to basically come back. And then we'll trade something that we'll call like a path, like we're able to forecast future basically jumping as a price, and that in which case we would sell one X stops each time. So those are kind of different factors that you could use to trade. So you're not only shorting volatility in one way, in one way to make money. And then we have a couple other factors like we talked about with the wings. So just for example, is we roughly spend 10% of our P&L, 10 to 15% of our P&L on commissions and fees. We roughly spend 25% of our P&L on wings, and we roughly spend 55% of our P&L on slippage. So another huge factor is it's like, how are you managing your wing costs to keep commissions and fees down in your wings? And then the one that we can't really control.