an entry every half hour, we'll take an entry every hour and a half. So we'll just have one third of the exposure on before it. And then after it, we obviously don't care. And then well-studied, but turn of the month anomaly where it's like 80% of all stock market returns happen the last two days of the month or the first three days of the following month. There's an extreme upside tilt, basically the end of months. Again, we still trade it, not messing with that last hour and a half, the last couple of days of the month, because there's just massive market on close orders and rebalancing, especially on the call side. And then we also will use discretion to close out long. So if I had long wings, and I'm already up 5%, or I had big slippage, I may close them out earlier. We close that out. But yeah, predominantly we're 99.999% systematic. Everyone usually does a good job in the economic community of making big announcements after market hours, because they know what that could cause. But yeah, no, we traded when Trump was talking, all that stuff, whole nine. Again, if your size is responsible, I don't think you should be overly concerned with trading like that, because that's just not really... Again, we're trying to work the correlation and their occurrences more than we're trying to load up on our A plus signal or whatever. Right. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. And you mentioned the last eight months or whatever has been a lot harder in zero DTE land. Do you think the edge is structurally decaying because more and more people are coming and selling those options? I spoke to Options Omega, who I know you use their platform. And they were saying, zero DTE iron condors that people used to just make so much money out of, just that edge seems to have evaporated. And even some calendar trades that were quite systematic that people were doing, which were a gamma selling trade to earn theta, they seem to be underperforming as well. So do you see that structural edge erosion? And what do you do about it? I don't like the word edge, I like the word risk premium. I've looked at it several ways. So if you look at it in terms of growth of volume, there's a concern. So for using growth of volume as a proxy for overcrowding, that's basically been linear. It's in line with the rate of growth of S&P. So I look at that it's not even growing. If people have more money, I think they can trade a little more option contracts. S&P is going up roughly 15% to 20% a year. SPX option volume is roughly going up 15% to 20% of the year. The only thing that you can't know is that the market makers are on the