turns over time. But we also have seen that like the, I want to say zero DT is decayed,
but the risk premium of zero DT, which is how profitable selling every entry for every
half hour, people call it MEIC or mechanical injury iron condor routinely fluctuates
between three to four standard deviations up and down in profitability. So like for
example, this last nine months stretch has been the worst in the data set since 2018. But
if you were to take like four to eight chunks and reshuffle them, it's called a
permutation, we're only in the 11th percentile. So you just need to understand about how
volatile that risk premium is over time. And it's not really broken. It just ebbs and
flows a lot. Whereas if you have signals or ways to vet the marketplace on top of that,
you can obviously avoid a lot of those drawdowns. But when the risk premium is at three
standard deviations down, you basically just break even, even if you have the best alpha
signals out there, basically. So then when it's, so then are there times where you're just
going to dial down that strategy and not do it then basically and allocate to other
strategies? No, not really, because you don't know when the risk premium of the market is
going to ebb and flow. So like, that's very difficult to tell. We would just continue to
trade. And also like, another crazy thing with selling zero DT options is like, depending
on your strategy, it's actually very, it's called leptokurtic. So like a huge amount of
your returns will come on a few days. I think it's like 9% of our P&L comes on the top 2%
of days, like 30% of our P&L comes on the top 5% of days. Whereas risk premiums poor,
you'll probably just break even. So we would generally say like stay in the market. And
how we track it is there's what selling every entry is, and then there's our profitability
of basically our filters above that. And if the selling zero DT options goes down to like
negative 20 per occurrence, and we're generally about $15 better per occurrence for our
filter or 15% expected value. So if we're at negative 20 bucks expected value, we expect
to be at negative 5. And we don't view that as a bug. We're just saying, hey, the risk
premiums, you know, overshot here, and it's being sold off a lot. And we think it will
basically come back. Okay, that's interesting. It's interesting that you don't react to
it, though, when you see that risk premium decayed so much. Because my gut instinct would
like think, okay, that means I need to lean a bit longer vol now, because the vol is just
too cheap. My expectation of selling is negative now. Surely, that means I should lean the
book a bit longer vol, right? Well, yeah, I mean, you'll always have long vol because of
the wings. So, you know, the, like, for example, put wings below a VIX of 20 are like
extremely profitable. They have like a 40% expected value, but they still only win like
one in every 200 days. So like, you know, so like, and the other thing too, is like, as
people that run a fund, like we charge two and 20. So if we're holding people's money in
treasuries, they're like guaranteed to lose money to inflation. You know what I'm saying?
So yeah, that's definitely how we're trying to put it out. But I mean, I don't, if you're
systematic, you should be, you know, out there and trading like there are certain
functions. So as the VIX gets lower, you can't really make money selling straddles because
there's no skew. So at the money implied volatility is the best future statement of all.
Usually, if you're selling a 15 delta at the money vol is 15, you may be selling 18 or 19.
So as volatility gets lower, you know, we may stop selling an hour and a half before the
market closes or two hours before the market closes just because the expected move goes
down. So we will be, you know, selling less premium on those types of days. Since vol
isn't rich, we have some volatility based on those. So, you know, the system will dampen
down what it does a little bit. And then also, like, we look at the VIX, it's like, I hate
when people say high VIX or low VIX, because it's like a VIX of 30 is like a historic
trade for vol traders, like trade it. But it's like a VIX of 30 in 2008 and 2020 was like
a terrible time to trade. And a VIX of 30 every time outside of that was like the best
trade ever. So like the VIX is just a statement of what volatility is doing now. It's not
a notional number, like high VIX or low VIX, not like a Cape P or whatever. It's like, oh,
companies are overvalued. It's just like, if the VIX is high, it's got an equal chance
that it's overpriced or underpriced. It just so happens that when people sell it at that
level, it's generally overpriced until it isn't, because we don't really know what that
uncertainty is. Sure. Okay. I want to talk a little bit now about these vol factors,
because I saw you on a video talking about these and I was somewhat intrigued, which is
why I wanted to quiz you about it a bit more in a bit more detail. So you mentioned how
like in equities trading, investors...