10 to 15% of our P&L on commissions and fees. We roughly spend 25% of our P&L on wings,
and we roughly spend 55% of our P&L on slippage. So another huge factor is it's like, how
are you managing your wing costs to keep commissions and fees down in your wings? And then
the one that we can't really control, and I've talked to every ATS, there's only one
exchange, I've talked to every market maker, I've talked to every broker, is the
executional risk premium, which is when you have your order in there, when there's a stop
out, how much do you pay to cross that bid-ask spread? The only practice that works is
don't use market orders and everything else is the same. So all of those factors play into
how you make money from zero DT, and most people are not really aware of that. And then
the last factor I also look at is basically what I would call overall richness of all. So
if there's more volatility in the market, you can trade further into the day. That
generally decreases your correlation because options you sold at 10 delta earlier will
come down to basically be marking at nothing towards the end of the day, and they cluster
a little less because you're not sharing strikes. And then just the overall correlation of
your portfolio, which is a huge zero DT alpha. Again, occurrences increase your sharp, and
more uncorrelated streams also increase your sharp. We run about 15 trades in our
portfolio, and only one trade is above a one sharp. But all 15 trades are actually
negatively correlated or basically perfectly zero correlated. So basically you only have
one signal that is really any better than the S&P, but all of them are extremely
uncorrelated or negatively correlated. And that's what makes the portfolio kill it,
basically. Yeah. So basically all I do is I trade options for six and a half hours, and I
have zero and or negative correlation throughout the trades. So you add occurrences and
actually uncorrelated or negatively correlated return streams, and you end up compounding
to a very high sharp with not a very profitable trading strategy, which I think a lot of
people may miss at pod shops or what they're doing. And this is all kind of theoretical,
like obviously I've been writing what I call a dissertation for it. I'm not going to
publish it or whatever. But this is where I think, like I obviously talk to people and we
view a lot of things, but there's not literature out there that, for example, Citadel just
takes academic