fancy that is full of assumptions and, you know, that isn't worth time. I think it's
complete bullshit. Like everyone, everyone asked about this, like it prints numbers. Like,
why can someone not come up with like a systematic way to provide some type of backtesting
indicator on what it is like, and the other thing too, with Gex is it's like, I agree with
people. Like it'll show like 7,500 as a strike and oftentimes Gex comes to it. Pauses and
then comes back. But like, if you're using a stop loss that don't help you with zero DT,
you just get stopped out at 7,500 and then it goes back. Um, I do think if people are
trading futures or like they're able to, like, I know one guy that trades futures and
we've looked at it where it's like net Delta, but it's like, how are people positioned
like long or short for Delta's in the futures market? And that's like a pretty good proxy
of like breakout. So we've been able to test things that I think are down the line of Gex,
but. We took vol and signals and tried to reverse engineer them and it was a null
hypothesis. So I think it's very difficult to tell things or another thing we were talking
about earlier is it's like, that's like, you know, hedge funds are long VIX calls more
than ever in history. Well, they could be in a relative value trade and simultaneously be,
you know, shorter puts than they ever have in history. So like, that doesn't really
necessarily mean anything for the complex. And then the other thing that gets me too, is
it's like the day before NVIDIA earnings, like if it is 8% of the index, like that could
be what's wagging the gamma and it's not going to be reflected and SPX and it could all be
cues and stuff. So I think all of those things make it extremely difficult. Determine what
it is. I'm open to it. And someone actually pulls numbers. That's just like not looking at
a chart and making discretionary decisions on how to trade. I'd be open to it, but I, I
don't, that's a, that's a signal like spot price, I think is better than that. And then
like volatility, what the option chain is doing, I think is another level, clearly better
than that. Just instead of open interest on some rounded number strike. Mark, it's been a
pleasure chatting to you and I really appreciate you sharing your insights on this one.
Yeah, of course. Thanks for having me on. Speak to you again soon. Thanks a lot. Take
care.